 Welcome to your Lesson 1 - Challenge 2
Your challenge is to add the main heading and two paragraphs of content to a web page.
Specified words in each paragraph will be made to stand out.
Result
Your result should look like the image below
Challenge Submission

    Whenever you complete a challenge step, view the output by clicking on 'Run Code' at the top of the screen. The output will display in the 'Result:' window below. 
    Test your answer by clicking on the 'Test Code' button that is next to 'Run Code'.
    A feedback panel will pop up to show you your test result.
    If your code passes, its associated test will be colored green.
    If your code fails, its associated test will be colored red. By clicking on 'Tell Me Why?' beside a failed test, a hint as to what might have gone wrong will be revealed.
    Once you have read the hint, click 'Try Again' to fix the error in your code.
    Click 'Test Code' again to see if your code now passes the test (will be colored green).
    Once you have passed all tests, click the green submit button at the bottom right of the pop-up window. 
    If your challenge has been successfully submitted, the challenge status will be set to 'Passed'. If you still have failed tests and press submit, your challenge status will be set to 'Failed'.
    It is essential to pass the tests and press the green submit button before proceeding with the next challenge. If you don't press submit and pass all the tests, you will receive a score of 0 for that challenge.

Steps

    Create an <h1> element and give it the following text content: " Why is HTML so Successful? "
    Create a <p> element and give it the following text content: " HTML is easy to learn ".
    Wrap the word " easy " in a <em> element.
    Create a <p> element and give it the following text content: " HTML is powerful ".
    Wrap the word " powerful " in a <strong> element.

Tips
Do a web search for the <em> and the <strong> element, and check out how they are used.

    Why do we recommend searching? Well, at least once a day, even the most experienced developer will search the web looking for a solution to a problem they need to solve.
    Knowing how to fine-tune your internet search words and phrases is a skill every developer needs to have.

If you're stuck, the Common HTML Elements video will give you an idea of how to solve the challenge.
